blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies0 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_0.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species0.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast0_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species4.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast4_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies4 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_4.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species12.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast12_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies12 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_12.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species13.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast13_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies13 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_13.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species9.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast9_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies9 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_9.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies1 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_1.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species1.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast1_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species11.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast11_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies11 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_11.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species14.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast14_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies14 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_14.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species8.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast8_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies8 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_8.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species7.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast7_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies7 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_7.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species3.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast3_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies3 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_3.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species10.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast10_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies10 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_10.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species5.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast5_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies5 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_5.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species6.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast6_2.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies6 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_6.txt
blastp -num_threads 8 -outfmt 6 -evalue 0.001 -query /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Species2.fa -db /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/BlastDBSpecies2 -out /home/jkimball/shared/WR_Annotation/Orthofinder/Orthogroups/Results_Mar04/WorkingDirectory/Blast2_2.txt
